We can upload a complete set of working code if that is possible.

We need to update or rewrite software for vehicles (pods) swarms to navigate on a well defined networks. 

The network is defined by tracks connected atomic switches. Each track and each switch have unique ids. Attached is an example network json ("mapLR.json"). 

Communications is accomplished via mosquito mqtt server

Attached is a pod json ("2.json").

Before each vehicle-trip the RaspberryPi in the vehicle requests a trip route from a routing RaspberryPi computer. The Routing computer will assign the tracks and switches required to travel on to complete the trip. Vehicles then navigate the network autonomously. 

Other sensors can also have messages. We will set those aside for now.

There are two types of switches,
1. Merging switches with 2 input tracks with 1 output track.
2. Outbound switches with 1 input track with 2 output tracks.
3. All switchs have Exclusive Zones within defined mm so physical vehicles do not try to occupy the same space as the travel through a switch. This Exclusive Zone must account for the length and width of vehicles and the angles at which the tracks interset.

As a vehicle travel this 2 wheel encoder record mm traveled on each line and report their location in a message. Vehicles listen for other vehicles on their track or that they might merge with as they approach their next switch. Based on messages and sensor readings such as Time of Flight and camera inputs, vehicles adjust their speed to space themselves to assure space between themself and the vehicle in front, the vehicle behind, and any vehicle they will intersect with at the next switch.

On tracks there are April Tags with a unique id, a known number of mm along the track it is on, and it track id. The on-board camera reads the Tags id and height. The on-board computer confirms it is a tag on its track and adjusts its mm reading to the actual location of the April Tag minus the distance to it.


We have 4 variations vehicle and motors. To simplify efforts we will focus on only one implementation at a time starthing with the tt dc 6 volt motors.

1. tt dc 6 volt motors driving, where there are 2 motors inline that always move with the same power applied.

2. tt dc 6 volt motors driving, where there are 4 motors, two on each side. We can control the power and direction to each wheel individually using DFRobot BLE board. We use a R

3. 90 watt dc motors driving 2 motors, one on each side. We can control the power and direction to each wheel individually using Duel 

4. 5kw dc motor motors driving 2 motors, one on each side. one controller per wheel using serial or i2c communications.

